Loan Details Main Content Loan Details Balance Overview Type of Loan Loan Balance Loan Balance Questions Balance Amount The principal balance includes the original amount you borrowed, plus any applicable loan fees, minus any principal payments. Principal $0.00Balance: This amount does not include accrued interest but may include interest that was capitalized (added to the principal balance) when the loan(s) entered repayment. Unpaid The amount of unpaid interest that is currently outstanding on your $0.00Interest: account. When you’re ready to pay your loan(s) in full, just go to the Loan Payoff Total $0.00 section to request your calculated payoff amount. You can then submit Balance: your payoff to us electronically. Loan Details Print All Loan Details Loan Principal Date Loan Program Status Action Number Balance DIRECT STUDENT PLUS Paid In 09/20/2011 $0.00LOAN Full Direct Student Plus Loan -disbursed 09/20/11 Loan Status Loan Status: PAID IN FULL Disbursement Information Disbursement Date: 09/20/11 Loan Program: DIRECT STUDENT PLUS LOAN Owner: U.S. DEPT OF ED Guarantor: FEDERAL School: UNIVERSITY OF DENVER Out of School Date: Out of School Date is the date provided by your school that typically represents when you will/did graduate or when you were no longer enrolled at least half time. Below are some common reasons why this date may not reflect your current or actual status: You previously left school and have since returned. Therefore, your out of school date represents the original date you graduated or ceased to be enrolled at least half time. Your school only reports the current academic year or term; not the full length of your program. You have a private loan that allows for a maximum amount of time for an In School Status. Therefore, the Out of School Date represents when you have reached this maximum. No Out of School Date listed? Some loan programs do not use an Out of School Date for determining when repayment begins, including: PLUS, Graduate PLUS, Consolidation, and many private loans. Please contact your school if you have questions about your Out of School Date. Interest Rate Information Interest Rate: 0% Interest Rate Type: FIXED RATE Subsidy: NON SUB Loan Balance Original Balance: $24,315.00 Unpaid Interest: $0.00 Principal Balance: $0.00 Payment Information Monthly Payment: -.Repayment Plan: -.Repayment Term: -.Expected Payoff Date: -.IDR Forgiveness Payments Made: If your loan is on an Income-Driven Repayment (IDR) plan, this is an estimate of your forgiveness payments made, which will be validated as you approach forgiveness. For more information on forgiveness and the amount of payments needed, visit https://studentaid.gov/manage-loans/repayment/plans/income-driven. Due Date Information Next Due Date: -.Days Delinquent: 0 Loan Benefits: Description Status Payments Until Active Credited Rebate -.Credited as of 09/20/2011 Public Service Loan Forgiveness Details: Your loan payment counts have moved to the Payment Tracking page in Payments & Billing. Learn more about this program Qualifying Payments Made Qualifying payments are on-time, full payments that have been made after October 1, 2007 under an eligible repayment schedule while being employed full-time by a qualifying public service organization. Qualifying Payments Remaining This is the remaining number of qualifying payments that are required to meet the minimum of 120 payments to be considered eligible to apply for forgiveness. Estimated Eligibility Date This is the date on which we estimate you will make your final qualifying payment and become eligible to submit your application for forgiveness for this loan. This is based on the assumption that you continue to work full-time for a PSLF qualifying employer until the time you receive loan forgiveness, while continuing to make on-time, qualifying payments every month until the time you apply for loan forgiveness. Last Payment on this Loan: Date Payment Principal Interest 01/19/21 $1,669.70 $1,669.70 $0.00 DIRECT SUB STAFFORD Paid In 09/02/2011 $0.00LOAN Full Direct Sub Stafford Loan -disbursed 09/02/11 Loan Status Loan Status: PAID IN FULL Disbursement Information Disbursement Date: 09/02/11 Loan Program: DIRECT SUB STAFFORD LOAN Owner: U.S. DEPT OF ED Guarantor: FEDERAL School: UNIVERSITY OF DENVER Out of School Date: Out of School Date is the date provided by your school that typically represents when you will/did graduate or when you were no longer enrolled at least half time. Below are some common reasons why this date may not reflect your current or actual status: You previously left school and have since returned. Therefore, your out of school date represents the original date you graduated or ceased to be enrolled at least half time. Your school only reports the current academic year or term; not the full length of your program. You have a private loan that allows for a maximum amount of time for an In School Status. Therefore, the Out of School Date represents when you have reached this maximum. No Out of School Date listed? Some loan programs do not use an Out of School Date for determining when repayment begins, including: PLUS, Graduate PLUS, Consolidation, and many private loans. Please contact your school if you have questions about your Out of School Date. 06/07/2012 Interest Rate Information Interest Rate: 0% Interest Rate Type: FIXED RATE Subsidy: SUBSIDIZED Loan Balance Original Balance: $8,500.00 Unpaid Interest: $0.00 Principal Balance: $0.00 Payment Information Monthly Payment: -.Repayment Plan: -.Repayment Term: -.Expected Payoff Date: -.IDR Forgiveness Payments Made: If your loan is on an Income-Driven Repayment (IDR) plan, this is an estimate of your forgiveness payments made, which will be validated as you approach forgiveness. For more information on forgiveness and the amount of payments needed, visit https://studentaid.gov/manage-loans/repayment/plans/income-driven. Due Date Information Next Due Date: -.Days Delinquent: 0 Loan Benefits: Description Status Payments Until Active Credited Rebate -.Credited as of 09/02/2011 Public Service Loan Forgiveness Details: Your loan payment counts have moved to the Payment Tracking page in Payments & Billing. Learn more about this program Qualifying Payments Made Qualifying payments are on-time, full payments that have been made after October 1, 2007 under an eligible repayment schedule while being employed full-time by a qualifying public service organization. Qualifying Payments Remaining This is the remaining number of qualifying payments that are required to meet the minimum of 120 payments to be considered eligible to apply for forgiveness. Estimated Eligibility Date This is the date on which we estimate you will make your final qualifying payment and become eligible to submit your application for forgiveness for this loan. This is based on the assumption that you continue to work full-time for a PSLF qualifying employer until the time you receive loan forgiveness, while continuing to make on-time, qualifying payments every month until the time you apply for loan forgiveness. Last Payment on this Loan: Date Payment Principal Interest 01/19/21 $866.53 $866.53 $0.00 DIRECT UNSUB STAFFORD Paid In 09/02/2011 $0.00LOAN Full Direct Unsub Stafford Loan -disbursed 09/02/11 Loan Status Loan Status: PAID IN FULL Disbursement Information Disbursement Date: 09/02/11 Loan Program: DIRECT UNSUB STAFFORD LOAN Owner: U.S. DEPT OF ED Guarantor: FEDERAL School: UNIVERSITY OF DENVER Out of School Date: Out of School Date is the date provided by your school that typically represents when you will/did graduate or when you were no longer enrolled at least half time. Below are some common reasons why this date may not reflect your current or actual status: You previously left school and have since returned. Therefore, your out of school date represents the original date you graduated or ceased to be enrolled at least half time. Your school only reports the current academic year or term; not the full length of your program. You have a private loan that allows for a maximum amount of time for an In School Status. Therefore, the Out of School Date represents when you have reached this maximum. No Out of School Date listed? Some loan programs do not use an Out of School Date for determining when repayment begins, including: PLUS, Graduate PLUS, Consolidation, and many private loans. Please contact your school if you have questions about your Out of School Date. 06/07/2012 Interest Rate Information Interest Rate: 0% Interest Rate Type: FIXED RATE Subsidy: NON SUB Loan Balance Original Balance: $12,000.00 Unpaid Interest: $0.00 Principal Balance: $0.00 Payment Information Monthly Payment: -.Repayment Plan: -.Repayment Term: -.Expected Payoff Date: -.IDR Forgiveness Payments Made: If your loan is on an Income-Driven Repayment (IDR) plan, this is an estimate of your forgiveness payments made, which will be validated as you approach forgiveness. For more information on forgiveness and the amount of payments needed, visit https://studentaid.gov/manage-loans/repayment/plans/income-driven. Due Date Information Next Due Date: -.Days Delinquent: 0  Loan Benefits:  Description Status  Payments Until Active  Credited  Rebate Credited as of 09/02/2011  -. Public Service Loan Forgiveness Details: Your loan payment counts have moved to the Payment Tracking page in Payments & Billing. Learn more about this program Qualifying Payments Made Qualifying payments are on-time, full payments that have been made after October 1, 2007 under an eligible repayment schedule while being employed full-time by a qualifying public service organization. Qualifying Payments Remaining This is the remaining number of qualifying payments that are required to meet the minimum of 120 payments to be considered eligible to apply for forgiveness. Estimated Eligibility Date This is the date on which we estimate you will make your final qualifying payment and become eligible to submit your application for forgiveness for this loan. This is based on the assumption that you continue to work full-time for a PSLF qualifying employer until the time you receive loan forgiveness, while continuing to make on-time, qualifying payments every month until the time you apply for loan forgiveness. Last Payment on this Loan: Date Payment Principal Interest 01/19/21 $1,279.59 $1,279.59 $0.00 DIRECT SUB STAFFORD Paid In 09/03/2010 $0.00LOAN Full Direct Sub Stafford Loan -disbursed 09/03/10 Loan Status Loan Status: PAID IN FULL Disbursement Information Disbursement Date: 09/03/10 Loan Program: DIRECT SUB STAFFORD LOAN Owner: U.S. DEPT OF ED Guarantor: FEDERAL School: UNIVERSITY OF DENVER Out of School Date: Out of School Date is the date provided by your school that typically represents when you will/did graduate or when you were no longer enrolled at least half time. Below are some common reasons why this date may not reflect your current or actual status: You previously left school and have since returned. Therefore, your out of school date represents the original date you graduated or ceased to be enrolled at least half time. Your school only reports the current academic year or term; not the full length of your program. You have a private loan that allows for a maximum amount of time for an In School Status. Therefore, the Out of School Date represents when you have reached this maximum. No Out of School Date listed? Some loan programs do not use an Out of School Date for determining when repayment begins, including: PLUS, Graduate PLUS, Consolidation, and many private loans. Please contact your school if you have questions about your Out of School Date. 06/07/2012 Interest Rate Information Interest Rate: 0% Interest Rate Type: FIXED RATE Subsidy: SUBSIDIZED Loan Balance Original Balance: $8,500.00 Unpaid Interest: $0.00 Principal Balance: $0.00 Payment Information Monthly Payment: -.Repayment Plan: -.Repayment Term: -.Expected Payoff Date: -.IDR Forgiveness Payments Made: If your loan is on an Income-Driven Repayment (IDR) plan, this is an estimate of your forgiveness payments made, which will be validated as you approach forgiveness. For more information on forgiveness and the amount of payments needed, visit https://studentaid.gov/manage-loans/repayment/plans/income-driven. Due Date Information Next Due Date: -.Days Delinquent: 0 Loan Benefits: Description Status Payments Until Active Credited Rebate -.Credited as of 09/03/2010 Public Service Loan Forgiveness Details: Your loan payment counts have moved to the Payment Tracking page in Payments & Billing. Learn more about this program Qualifying Payments Made Qualifying payments are on-time, full payments that have been made after October 1, 2007 under an eligible repayment schedule while being employed full-time by a qualifying public service organization. Qualifying Payments Remaining This is the remaining number of qualifying payments that are required to meet the minimum of 120 payments to be considered eligible to apply for forgiveness. Estimated Eligibility Date This is the date on which we estimate you will make your final qualifying payment and become eligible to submit your application for forgiveness for this loan. This is based on the assumption that you continue to work full-time for a PSLF qualifying employer until the time you receive loan forgiveness, while continuing to make on-time, qualifying payments every month until the time you apply for loan forgiveness. Last Payment on this Loan: Date Payment Principal Interest 01/19/21 $866.53 $866.53 $0.00 DIRECT UNSUB STAFFORD Paid In 09/03/2010 $0.00LOAN Full Direct Unsub Stafford Loan -disbursed 09/03/10 Loan Status Loan Status: PAID IN FULL Disbursement Information Disbursement Date: 09/03/10 Loan Program: DIRECT UNSUB STAFFORD LOAN Owner: U.S. DEPT OF ED Guarantor: FEDERAL School: UNIVERSITY OF DENVER Out of School Date: Out of School Date is the date provided by your school that typically represents when you will/did graduate or when you were no longer enrolled at least half time. Below are some common reasons why this date may not reflect your current or actual status: You previously left school and have since returned. Therefore, your out of school date represents the original date you graduated or ceased to be enrolled at least half time. Your school only reports the current academic year or term; not the full length of your program. You have a private loan that allows for a maximum amount of time for an In School Status. Therefore, the Out of School Date represents when you have reached this maximum. No Out of School Date listed? Some loan programs do not use an Out of School Date for determining when repayment begins, including: PLUS, Graduate PLUS, Consolidation, and many private loans. Please contact your school if you have questions about your Out of School Date. 06/07/2012 Interest Rate Information Interest Rate: 0% Interest Rate Type: FIXED RATE Subsidy: NON SUB Loan Balance Original Balance: $12,000.00 Unpaid Interest: $0.00 Principal Balance: $0.00 Payment Information Monthly Payment: -.Repayment Plan: -.Repayment Term: -.Expected Payoff Date: -.IDR Forgiveness Payments Made: If your loan is on an Income-Driven Repayment (IDR) plan, this is an estimate of your forgiveness payments made, which will be validated as you approach forgiveness. For more information on forgiveness and the amount of payments needed, visit https://studentaid.gov/manage-loans/repayment/plans/income-driven. Due Date Information Next Due Date: -.Days Delinquent: 0 Loan Benefits: Description Status Payments Until Active Credited Rebate -.Credited as of 09/03/2010 Public Service Loan Forgiveness Details: Your loan payment counts have moved to the Payment Tracking page in Payments & Billing. Learn more about this program Qualifying Payments Made Qualifying payments are on-time, full payments that have been made after October 1, 2007 under an eligible repayment schedule while being employed full-time by a qualifying public service organization. Qualifying Payments Remaining This is the remaining number of qualifying payments that are required to meet the minimum of 120 payments to be considered eligible to apply for forgiveness. Estimated Eligibility Date This is the date on which we estimate you will make your final qualifying payment and become eligible to submit your application for forgiveness for this loan. This is based on the assumption that you continue to work full-time for a PSLF qualifying employer until the time you receive loan forgiveness, while continuing to make on-time, qualifying payments every month until the time you apply for loan forgiveness. Last Payment on this Loan: Date Payment Principal Interest 01/19/21 $1,361.54 $1,361.54 $0.00 Loan Verification Letter If you are applying for a mortgage, or other financing, your lender may ask you to provide a letter verifying your student loan debt and status. Learn More Do You Work In Public Service? You may qualify for the Public Service Loan Forgiveness program. PSLF 